Some fixes to samples headers and metadata (#353)
microsoft/Quantum: samples/machine-learning/parallel-half-moons/README.md

description: "This sample implements using the quantum machine learning library to train a sequential model on the half-moons dataset, parallelizing over target machines."
---

> # Training sequential models with Q\# (parallel half-moons)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Training sequential models with Q\#, using multiple simulators in parallel
```
